They made an offer --
For 30 years.
30 years?
It's not unreasonable,
Jackie, for two murders.
One. One murder,
and if you ask me,
it was
a public service killing.
The other one,
the kid --
Everyone knows
that was an accident.
No, under the law,
that kind of accident
is called felony murder.
The punishment is life,
and you're looking
at a double life sentence.
Let's go to trial.
Look, Michael Biggs
was a small-time dealer.
You want to take out
your competition, fine,
and maybe, like you say,
some idiot on the jury
will think you did
the public a favor,
but Anthony Halpern
was an innocent kid.
He didn't deserve
to get shot in the head,
and I don't think
the jury --
If I gave you the impression
that I had anything to do
with those killings,
that was a misunderstanding.
I am going to trial.
You realize we don't have
a strong defense here.
If you were working
on this case
instead of counting
on a plea,
maybe you'd figure
something out by now.
You want to know
what I figured out, Jackie?
I figured out that I can't
put you on the stand
without suborning perjury.
I also figured out
that with your record,
you can expect
consecutive life terms
with no chance for parole.
We are not going to lose.
They've got an eyewitness.
Which we don't need
to worry about.
What do you mean, "We don't
need to worry about"?
I interviewed him myself.
He's credible.
Bobby --
Do not worry
about the witness.
You're going
to have to tell me
what that means, Jackie,
because I know
you're not going to harm
that witness.
I'm in jail.
What-- What could I do?
Listen to me.
You're already in more trouble
than I think we can handle.
You do not want
to make things worse
by intimidating
a witness.
Okay. I understand.
Look at me.
I understand.
♪ (theme)
Did he threaten him
or not?
Well --
We think
he kind of did.
What do you mean,
you think he did?
He said
we didn't need
to worry about the witness,
and I don't think
it was a compliment
to Bobby's
cross-examination skills.
Well, then,
you need to tell Bay.
What if he meant
something totally different?
You know, "Don't worry,
the witness is a friend of mine"
Or "I got proof
the witness is lying."
-Oh, right.
-What did you say?
I laid it out. He can't
be intimidating witnesses.
He said he understood,
but whether he really did...
EUGENE: Ellenor?
I couldn't be sure.
Then you say nothing.
Leaving aside what he meant,
what he said is protected
by attorney/client privilege.
You can't reveal it
unless he intends
to commit a future crime,
and if you're not sure --
We don't need this.
You were just on trial
for conspiring with a client.
If you don't say anything
and a witness ends up dead,
you could be up against
obstruction of justice charges.
You want to wait
for some package to explode?
If there's any chance
this witness is in danger,
you have to say something.
Jimmy?
None of us was in the room,
Bobby. Only you two.
Let's just lay down the law
with him again
and then decide.
I told you, I understand.
Can you tell me
why you even said it --
That we don't have to worry
about the witness?
Look,
back in my shrink days --
I bet you didn't know
I used to get therapy.
Did you know this?
No, you seem so grounded.
My shrink said that
when I'm feeling powerless,
I act more brave
and tough.
Now, my life's been taken
from me here.
I'm sitting
in a cell all day.
My future's in the hands
of this eyewitness.
I guess I just needed to feel
more powerful than him,
and so I said that.
Does it make sense?
Anthony had just taken me
home from school.
He was your boyfriend?
Yes.
We were sitting in the car
talking, and...
I know this is hard,
Lisa,
but do you remember
where the car was parked?
In front of my building.
Okay.
Now, take your time.
I want you to tell us
what happened.
He was telling me
about how he was
going to play basketball
for B. U. when he graduated.
It's all he could talk
about sometimes.
Then, all of a sudden,
the windows started breaking.
On which side of the car?
His.
He'd been shot.
Where?
In the head...
And he just looked at me.
He didn't understand
what was happening.
Ms. Matthews,
did you see the person
who did this?
No.
Did you see my client
at all that afternoon?
I don't think so.
Thank you.
No further questions.
I'm very sorry
for the loss of your friend.
Mr. Bay?
No redirect, your honor.
The commonwealth calls
Detective Michael McGuire.
The intended victim
was Michael Biggs, 23.
When I arrived
on the scene,
his body was
on the sidewalk area
directly in front
of his building.
RICHARD: Were you able
to determine
from which direction
the shooter approached?
Yes, he approached
from across the street
and opened fire.
Stray bullets were lodged
in the front of the building
and a few in the cars
that were parked out front.
Which is where you found
the second victim --
Anthony Halpern.
Yes, in his car.
He had been shot
in the back of the head.
And Michael Biggs--
Why do you consider him
the intended victim?
We found him
lying face-down.
He had been shot
six times --
Twice in the legs,
three times in the chest,
and once in the head
at very close range.
And how do you know that,
Detective?
There were stippling burns
on his head and neck,
indicating
that the gun had been fired
from a distance
of no more than 6 inches.
We considered it
an execution.
You didn't find a gun
at the crime scene,
did you?
The murder weapon
was never recovered.
A fingerprint
on a shell casing
to implicate my client?
There were no prints,
Mr. Donnell, as you
already know.
Michael Biggs was a convicted
drug dealer, wasn't he?
Yes, he had a felony record
for selling narcotics.
That's a dangerous business,
right, detective?
Ask your client.
Objection. Move to strike.
Sustained.
Detective McGuire.
My point, Detective,
is that Mr. Biggs
was the kind of man
who might have
a few enemies. Yes or no?
Yes.
After the shooting,
did they find my client
anywhere
in the neighborhood?
No.
In fact, Mr. Cahill
wasn't arrested
till three days later,
when he voluntarily appeared
at the precinct
for questioning.
We had already searched
his house and his bar.
He knew we were looking
to make an arrest.
That's exactly my point.
This man who supposedly killed
two people had three days
to leave the city,
the state, the country,
and instead, he comes
walking into your precinct
to answer questions.
Yes.
Will I be up there long?
Not on direct.
Just say what you saw.
When I ask you to identify
the man you saw fire the gun,
if you see him in the room,
point to him.
They may keep you up there
on cross for a while.
Why?
Well, you're our whole case,
Mr. Ross,
and the defense
certainly knows that.
They're going to try everything
they can to tear you apart.
This didn't seem
so scary a week ago.
You'll be fine.
Just stick
to the truth.
Richard.
We'll see you tomorrow.
He's not
in protective custody?
Why should he be?
I just thought
for big drug cases,
you keep your witnesses
in protective custody.
This is a murder case.
Well, I guess
if it were me,
I'd be keeping
an eye on him.
What are you saying?
Nothing.
Yes, you are.
If you're trying
to get me rattled,
or you're hoping I'm going
to go and rattle my witness --
I'm just saying it would be
a good idea to protect him.
If you have knowledge
that he's in danger
I don't have
any specific knowledge,
but my radar says
protect your witness.
Bobby.
That's all
I'm going to say.
Their eyewitnesses
are up next.
Once he's done,
the commonwealth
should rest.
They're guarding his house.
Excuse me?
The witness.
Cops put a guard
on his house.
Now, why the hell
would they do that?
It's a murder trial, Jackie.
I'm sure that's routine.
No, I don't think so.
If this were federal,
maybe,
but state, no.
They don't protect a witness
unless they think
he's in danger.
And how
would you know that?
You don't find
it interesting,
you and I have a conversation
about this witness,
and the very next day,
there's a cop at his house?
He's the only witness
to a double murder.
With your record --
Richard Bay is a smart guy.
He doesn't need me
to know his witness
should be protected.
That's not exactly
a denial, Bobby.
As long
as we're into accusations,
how do you even know there was
a guard on that house?
Did you send somebody
out there?
No, I did not,
but just so we have
an understanding,
if I were ever
to find out
that my lawyer
had been talking to the cops
about certain conversations
he and I had in private,
I would consider that
an act of disloyalty.
You want me off this case?
No problem.
Let's you and me
go see the judge,
and you can explain
all about
how I prevented your people
from taking out a witness.
I never said I was
going to take him out.
Did I ever say that?
Look, let's just stop
with the antagonism
and focus on the case,
which, I remind you,
doesn't look so good.
What if I have an alibi?
What are you
talking about?
This guy I work with
at the bar --
I was working with him
when this whole thing happened.
-Oh, really?
-Yes.
You can't just offer
alibi evidence
in the middle of a trial.
There's a procedure.
We need to serve notice
weeks in advance.
I'm sure
you can figure that out.
And what is
this sudden alibi?
I can't offer testimony
I know to be false.
I am innocent.
Do you get that?
And this alibi is legit.
Then why didn't you tell me
about it sooner?
ELLENOR: All right!
Why didn't you tell us
about the witness
before now, Jackie?
Because there's a warrant out
for his arrest in New York.
That explanation okay,
counselor?
He's a lying piece of--
You don't know that.
You think
he has an alibi?
No, but if he says
he does --
It's his defense.
Bobby, he's looking
at double life.
If he wants to call
an alibi witness,
then that's what we do.
We interview the guy,
and we try and put him
on the stand.
If the judge
will even let us.
They come up with this now,
in the middle of the trial?
I just found out
about it myself.
Bobby...
It's true.
There's an alibi witness
and your client
just tells you now?
Yes, there's an outstanding
warrant for the guy's arrest,
and he didn't want
to come forward.
Oh, come on.
I've had no opportunity
to see if his story checks out,
no opportunity
to run his record --
You can't deny my client
the right to put on a defense.
Courts have upheld
the exclusion
of defense witnesses.
Whether Mr. Donnell
believes it or not,
we're entitled
to a fair trial, too.
We wouldn't oppose
a continuance
to give Mr. Bay
time to investigate.
I'm sure you wouldn't,
but I am not going
to delay things
and inconvenience the jury
because you violated
discovery rules.
There's another option.
Let him voir dire
the witness
outside the presence
of the jury.
Let him get all the discovery
he needs now.
That seems reasonable.
It's a good thing.
That way we can see if
our little witness holds up.
Satisfactory, Mr. Bay?
-Well --
-We reserve the right
to argue for exclusion
if anything that comes up
requires
further investigation.
Fine. Mr. Donnell,
bring in your new witness.
They get
to check him out first?
Yes.
Well, how does
that happen?
What, they get
a free bite?
It happens when
you suddenly announce
you have an alibi
after the trial
has started.
The judge is allowing them
some discovery.
What about
a new offer, hmm?
I mean, just the fact
this witness exists --
Hasn't the D.A.
got a new offer?
He can't
be so cocky now.
I don't think
you fully grasp
this particular D. A.,
Jackie.
Richard Bay --
In addition to being good,
he is pathologically
competitive.
He'd want you to get life
even if you were innocent.
Which I am.
Oh, right.
I forgot.
So what's going
to happen?
The D. A. gets to question him
in a sealed room, no jury.
The judge will make
a determination as to whether
further investigation
is called for.
If so, we delay the trial.
If not, the trial
picks up where we left off.
How exactly airtight do you
consider your alibi to be?
I was with Mr. Cahill
the whole afternoon.
And he never left the bar?
Never out of my sight.
I was serving,
he was at a table
going over the expense books.
Cahill is your boss,
is he not?
No. It's my bar.
-It's your bar?
-Yes, it is.
My name
is on the liquor license.
But he was doing
the books.
Is he your accountant?
No, he's an investor.
Oh, he's an investor.
What percentage of your bar
does he own?
I don't know -- Most.
And tell us,
who suggested
you come here today
to testify?
Nobody. I told Mr. Cahill
I'd come here and do it.
Did you get
in touch with him
or did he call you?
I'm not sure.
I think he called me.
From prison?
You know all outgoing
phone calls from prison
are recorded?
Mr. Inteso,
why didn't
you come forward sooner?
I have
an outstanding warrant
on an assault charge
in New York.
So you know
by testifying here,
you're going
to go back to jail.
Yeah.
You'd rather testify
and go to jail
than say no
to Mr. Cahill?
I want to help him.
He was with me
at the time of the shooting.
There's no question.
Beyond reasonable doubt.
Okay, you were
serving drinks,
he was working.
Did anybody else see you
or the defendant that day?
I don't know. Maybe.
Can you tell us
who else was there?
I don't really remember.
You don't.
These books the defendant
was working on --
Where are they now?
What?
It's your bar.
Surely you know
where your own
expense books are.
Objection. This isn't
a tax case. It's irrelevant.
It's very relevant
to this witness's credibility.
We move the witness
turn over the books
the defendant
was working on.
I lost the books.
I see.
Your honor, at this time,
I withdraw my motion
to exclude this witness.
We can't
put him up there.
It's still an alibi.
They can't prove he's lying,
which he isn't.
They wouldn't have to
prove he's lying.
He looks like it,
he sounds like it,
he -- He personifies
dishonesty,
and by putting him
up there,
we would be helping
the prosecution, trust me.
Why the hell
didn't you protect him?
You should have been
objecting or something.
The questions
weren't objectionable,
and it was discovery.
Look, 30 years
is better than life,
if it's still on the table.
No!
Try to get this --
We got no rabbits to pull.
What about
your plan "B" Strategy?
A witness saw you
pull the trigger.
Plus, this D. A.,
he knows us.
And I know him. He is not
going to drop the ball.
We cannot win this case.
All right.
Let me think about it.
Can I think about it?
We're not scheduled
to go again till tomorrow,
so, yeah.
Take the night.
Look...
You think we don't like you,
which is true.
You think
because we don't like you,
we are not doing
everything we possibly can,
which is not true.
Okay.
Hello?
Is somebody there?
Ooh!
MAN: This is simple.
If the case
against Jackie Cahill
doesn't go away...
You will.
(groans)
The only reason
you're still alive
is because
you're still useful.
You do not want to win
this case. Understand?
I'm going
to leave you now,
and when I do,
you're going
to start feeling better --
Feeling brave.
Maybe you can
call the police.
That's why it's important
for you to remember
what I'm going
to say right now --
We can always get to you.
If we want you dead...
You, dead.
Now, stay right here
for five minutes,
and then you can
go about living your life.
How much of it is left,
that's up to you.
(shivering)
Richard, of course
you have to report this.
Why haven't you already --
If I report it,
I let him win. I--I just --
How do you figure that?
He's hoping I'll report it
and try
to resign from the case,
or he'll try
to have me removed.
The judge
might do it anyway.
The trial gets delayed --
First of all,
that doesn't have to happen.
You could still continue.
Oh, you know Bobby. He --
Secondly,
your life was threatened.
A crime was committed.
You're an officer of the court.
You have to report it.
Come on, do I really need
to be telling you that?
What?
He said if I told the police,
I'd die.
You're scared.
Yes.
Helen, even if I did
file a report,
I didn't even see him.
He's disguised his voice.
There's no way
I could make an I. D.
They could
dust your garage.
Maybe there are
tire tracks,
witnesses in the neighborhood
who saw the car.
The police
could investigate.
Richard, you need
to report this.
If you won't, I will.
All right.
I'm going to call
Detective McGuire.
We'll start
the investigation.
We'll put you
in protective custody.
Someone will be with you
around the clock.
We'll guard your house.
Helen --
Until the verdict.
Now, I'm gonna
have to talk to Bobby.
Why?
Because he has to know.
Now, the only
remaining question --
Are you okay to continue
with the trial?
Yes.
Are you sure?
And you'll be going
for a conviction, right?
Yes.
In his own garage?
Yes. I'm assuming
you gave him no indication.
Of course not.
Does he know
that knocking off the D. A.
won't do much good?
We do have more.
We may have led him
to believe
that this particular D. A.
was a nemesis.
We will set him straight
on that.
What an idiot.
So where are we?
Richard's bent on continuing.
You know him.
Now you will have
a conversation
with your client.
Oh, yes.
-I am as shocked as you are.
-Don't give me that.
Are you that stupid?
You think killing the district
attorney will actually help you?
I would never hurt anybody,
Ms. Frutt,
but you know what?
Our relationship has
so deteriorated here,
that maybe you two should
get off this case.
I should find myself
new representation.
So you can buy time?
Time to execute the witness?
We'd love to get off, Jackie,
but the judge
will never let that happen,
not at this point.
If you told him
that your disgust prevents you
from doing your best work --
The problem is, I do my
my best work for
disgusting clients.
We're stuck with each other.
The trial is going on.
There's plenty more
district attorneys
where Richard Bay came from,
so going after him
will get you nothing.
Nothing?
No. You underestimate
the value of a smile.
It's the simple pleasures,
counsel.
I heard a series of pops.
I don't know how many.
They were loud,
like explosions.
And what happened next,
sir?
I looked up
through the windshield
of my car, and I saw the man
with the gun
walking across the street,
firing.
Bullets were going everywhere.
This was in daylight?
Middle of the day, yes.
Okay,
what happened next?
The man with the gun
was shooting at the man
lying on the sidewalk.
He walked up and shot
right at the guy's head.
How far away were you
from the man who was shooting?
Uh, maybe 60 feet.
No more than that.
Do you see the man
who was shooting that day?
Him. That man
sitting right there.
Let the record reflect
the witness has identified
the defendant
Jackie Cahill.
Nothing further.
What were you doing
on that street
the day of the shooting?
I work for a courier service.
I was delivering a package
in the area a little earlier.
You said you heard the sound,
then you looked up.
What were you doing
in your car?
-Resting.
-Resting...
Or sleeping?
I guess maybe I dozed off.
You guess?
You don't remember?
Well, I work two jobs.
I'd been up all night.
I guess I was sleeping.
So when you heard the popping,
it woke you
-out of a deep sleep?
-I--I don't know how deep.
But coming out of a sleep
groggy, it took you some time
to focus
on what was happening.
Maybe a few moments,
but when I saw your client
start shooting,
it woke me up fast.
What was
the entire length of time
you observed these events
once you woke up?
-A few seconds.
Did the shooter ever look
directly toward you,
or did you only see him
from the side?
From the side.
And once you realized what
was happening, you were scared.
-I guess. Yeah.
-You ducked down in your car.
Maybe a little,
but I saw him. It was him.
Did Mr. Bay tell you
if you got into trouble
testifying,
just to repeat that?
-Objection.
-Withdrawn. Nothing further.
Brief redirect, your honor?
Proceed.
The windows of your car --
They're tinted?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's hard to see in.
So the man shooting --
You saw him, but --
He wouldn't have known
I was there.
-Objection.
-Sustained.
Don't tell us
what the man knew.
You got
a good look at him?
Absolutely.
As you sit here now,
are you sure who it was?
Yes.
It was the defendant.
Thank you, Mr. Ross.
Nothing further.
The witness may step down.
Mr. Bay?
The commonwealth rests,
your honor.
Mr. Donnell?
The defense rests.
(audience murmuring)
How do I not testify?
If you want to,
you can.
I can still
make that happen.
But you don't want
to do that.
-Why?
-If you testify, Jackie,
all your priors could
come in to impeach.
And what are you going to say
that would actually help you?
I'll say I didn't do it.
The witness was wrong.
Look, you can testify.
It's your choice.
Right now we're almost desperate
enough to put you up there,
and if I could think
of the slightest upside,
I would,
but in my opinion --
Mine, too.
It'll just
make things worse.
Your felony record will serve
to bolster that witness.
All right.
Get me a meeting with Bay.
Why?
I want to reopen
a plea-bargain discussion.
-I'm not sure he'd be open --
-Get me the meeting.
We can meet
with him, then --
I want to be there.
Get me a meeting
with Richard Bay.
-He's in the witness room?
-Yes.
Richard, you've
asked me three times
if he's in the witness room,
and you're
sweating like a pig.
I'm fine.
My life was threatened, Helen.
Allow me to perspire a little.
Are you really okay?
I'm fine. Let's go.
All right, we're here.
What's this about?
Our client would like to reopen
a plea negotiation.
Why?
Not feeling very confident,
Mr. Cahill?
You're sexy.
Anybody ever tell you that?
Hmm?
I could throw you
on this table
and have sex with you
right now,
even with all
these people watching.
Any interest?
Guard...
Please handcuff this man
to the chair.
Why?
Well, you either
frighten me, Mr. Cahill,
or you piss me off.
It's one or the other.
40 years.
The deal you offered
was 30.
That was before I had
to go to trial.
Your case hasn't
gotten any better.
It's still just one witness
who didn't get a great look.
Why risk it?
40 years,
take it or leave it.
This little prick
doesn't even think I'm guilty.
-Jackie!
-If he really thought
I killed two people,
what does he think
I'm going to do to him
if he convicts me, hmm?
If he's not afraid of that,
he must believe
I'm innocent.
Keep your mouth shut.
He must think I can't
get to him from prison --
If I were the killer,
that is.
You think you scare us,
Mr. Cahill?
You, me, and this table.
Five minutes.
Come on, Helen.
How stupid are you,
saying that in front of him?
I was talking to you,
my lawyer.
Threatening the prosecutor,
are you out of your mind?
He can still add charges.
No, he won't.
I know when a guy is scared,
and he's pissing himself
right now.
I'll bet his closing is
a little subpar.
You actually think
he's going to blow this case
because he's afraid of you?
You give these guys
too much credit.
They only prosecute
because they can't find
real law jobs.
Losing one case doesn't make
one difference to them,
but if he thinks
he'll pay a price
for convicting me --
Look at me.
Are you going
to do something to him
if you lose here?
He has to think I will.
Why?
Because it's my only chance.
I'll close.
You can't close.
It's my case.
Richard,
you're not of the mind.
What do you mean
I'm not of the mind?
He's gotten to you.
You're rattled.
I am not.
I am perfectly --
Look, you're
understandably frightened.
-You seem distracted.
-I've prepared my closing,
and I'm ready
to deliver it.
I can't let him
intimidate me.
He already has.
Richard, you don't have to be
the big hero here.
It's not about being a hero,
Helen.
It's about being me.
This is what I am.
I'm a D.A.
I can't --
If I start letting
defendants scare me,
what am I?
I guess you'd be human.
I'm fine.
I'm prepared, and I'm ready.
When my client heard
that the police wanted
to talk to him,
he voluntarily
went to the precinct.
What he expected to find
was a police department
interested in discovering
the truth.
Instead, he found
frustrated detectives
so angry
that they couldn't solve
two high-profile homicides,
that they were willing
to arrest him
and hope that the charges
would stick.
They searched his house,
his bar,
and they couldn't
come up with one shred
of physical evidence to connect
my client to this crime --
No murder weapon,
no fingerprints,
not on the shell casings
recovered at the scene,
not on the cars
that were parked on the street.
Nothing to prove that my client
has ever owned a gun
or even held a gun,
let alone used one
to commit a double murder.
Nothing to prove
that he was even
in the neighborhood
at the time of the shooting.
Nothing to suggest
that my client
even knew Michael Biggs.
Mr. Bay has built
his entire case
on the word of a witness
who admits he was sleeping
when this happened --
A witness who is
as unbelievable
as he is irresponsible,
a witness who should have been
doing his job,
but instead fell asleep
in his car
in the middle of the day.
He woke up
because he heard shots.
He was groggy. He struggled
to get his bearings,
and when he saw
it was a shooting,
he ducked down.
It's human instinct.
When you hear gunshots,
your first thought
is to protect yourself.
And Mr. Ross admitted
he only saw the shooter
from the side,
from a distance
of 60 feet,
through tinted windows
for a total
of a few seconds at most.
Beyond reasonable doubt?
Not even close.
When you become
a prosecutor,
your supervisors give you
one basic piece of advice --
Keep it simple.
Focus on the facts.
Forget the distractions.
Keep your eye on the truth.
Be willing to stand up
for what's right,
whatever the cost.
Mr. Donnell says our case
comes down to one witness.
Simply put, he's right.
If you believe Mr. Ross,
you must convict the defendant,
and you should
believe Mr. Ross,
because he had a front-row seat
for these murders.
He was sitting
at street level
with the best possible view
of the shooter.
It was day. The lighting
couldn't have been better.
He saw the defendant,
but the defendant
couldn't see him --
Didn't even know
he was there,
which probably saved
Mr. Ross's life.
Mr. Donnell has the gall
to suggest
that Mr. Ross
was irresponsible
for taking a nap.
Mr. Ross did
the responsible thing
by coming forward
immediately after the shooting.
His description
of the shooter
matched the defendant
perfectly.
He had the courage
to come into this room,
swear to tell the truth
and identify the defendant
as the man he saw that day.
And no matter how hard
Mr. Donnell tried,
he couldn't shake
that testimony.
Mr. Ross is absolutely sure
the killer is this man.
This man right here.
And let me make this simple.
Two men are dead.
Mr. Cahill is so brazen,
so cold-blooded,
he killed them
in broad daylight
because he thought
no one would dare stop him,
nobody would have the guts
to come forward,
to prosecute him, to look him
in the eye and say it.
You're a killer.
You're a coward,
and thanks to the jury,
you're about to get
what you deserve.
Believe Mr. Ross
and convict this man.
He thinks he's untouchable.
Prove to him he's wrong.
You do this long enough,
you think you've seen it all.
He actually threatened him
in the room?
Right after basically
threatening to rape Helen.
And they're not
filing charges?
-Not so far.
-Did it work?
-Was Bay nervous?
-He seemed to close okay.
I thought he closed
better than usual.
Hey, when's the last time
she ate?
Around 5:00,
but she puked
most of it on Eugene.
Sorry.
-You ready?
-All set?
The sitter's at home.
I actually get to go
out to a restaurant tonight.
(telephone rings)
Donnell, Dole,
et cetera.
Yeah. Thank you.
Verdict.
Already?
Will the defendant
please rise?
Madame foreperson,
has the jury reached a verdict?
We have, your honor.
What say you?
"Commonwealth versus
Jackson Cahill --
"On the first count
of murder in the first degree,
"We find the defendant
Jackson Cahill
"Guilty.
"On the second count,
murder in the first degree,
"We find the defendant
Jackson Cahill...
Guilty."
Officers, take the defendant
back into custody.
I'll schedule
sentencing later.
Members of the jury,
this completes your service.
You are dismissed
with the thanks of the court.
Adjourned.
Bobby, can you start
working on my appeal, please?
Jackie, I think you need
to get yourself another lawyer.
I'm fine.
I sweat by nature, okay?
Do you want to keep
the security?
Should I?
Well, he's got
nothing to gain now.
Threatening you
can't do him any good.
Unless he just
gets off on it.
Why don't I
get the guards back?
No, I don't want
to let him win.
Just keep the security
for a week.
I'll push them upstairs
to pay for it.
No, I'm fine.
I really am.
I'm right over there.
-Where are you?
-Up a level.
-Are you sure you're okay?
-Fine.
Okay.
Congratulations, Richard.
-You tried a great case.
-Thanks.
Call me if you need
any company.
Are you leaving?
Yes.
Good.
Not too jumpy --
She's 80.
♪ (theme)
You stinker!